fix(docs): link to the correct cleanup section (#7392)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/GettingStarted.md

openQA automatically archives and deletes data that it considers "old" based on
different settings. For example old jobs and assets are deleted at some point.
The settings can be adjusted on job-group-level and in the configuration file

> You can read the [Cleanup](UsersGuide.md#asset_cleanup) section for details.

Reviewer: I assume it should rather be:
```suggestion
You can read the [Cleanup](UsersGuide.md#cleanup-of-assets-results-and-other-data) section for details.
```
At least that's where it linked to before the markdown conversion: 4e47ce9d52589eb12f2f3a743730f43242802797
